add caveat to async-to-generator (#2207)
babel/website: docs/plugin-transform-async-to-generator.md

});
```

## Caveats

### Bluebird non-promise runtime error

> When a non-promise value are awaited, bluebird will throw "Error: A value was yielded that could not be treated as a promise". It is a runtime error so Babel can not handle it automatically. Users should manually transform it to a promise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `await` with non-promise values, Bluebird will throw "Error: A value was yielded that could not be treated as a promise". Since Babel cannot automatically handle this runtime error, you should manually transform it to a promise.
```

Author: Way better!
